oh
my friend we are like Blood Brothers
look at this when in Texas you have to
it this isn't Austin impact Theory being
in a bubble there is a whole world of
hyper successful entrepreneurs for whom
it's not enough to have made a ton of
cash they really want to do something
[Music]
so I'm literally double fisting the
networking I came right off the back of
having spent time at the XPrize
adventure trip which was awesome and
those people have become a real
fundamental part of my life and so now
I'm here to see what's up to see who we
can connect with and just keep it
rolling so we'll see I'm excited
we are operating on very little sleep at
this point but we are here at South by
Southwest let's do the damn thing
[Music]
my thinking is okay what you really need
to do to change the world is the next
generation of companies have to be
designed around impact but commerce is
the self-sustaining engine it's the only
thing that we have rightt because of
specialization if you've read Matt
Ridley is the rational optimist gay all
that so we know we're going to
specialize we know there has to be a
currency that's how you make something
self-sustaining so how do you inform
those companies how do you imbue them
with ideology narrative going to
networking events is exactly like going
to Manhattan when you go to Manhattan
you can hit so many things one after
another after another it's really
incredible the amount of energy and
momentum that you can generate
[Music]
you don't [__] love you [__] Wow
Thank You Man I appreciate that so we
have a series called leaders great
leaders nice showcase modern-day leaders
of this generation and of
course name it let me know alright so
far this day has been absolutely
incredible so many entrepreneurs are
into social impact this is incredible
I'm telling you we're living through
something super weird right now like
this this is madness is happening right
now you interviewed you know who you
interviewed Silva Jason still I did
interview Jason Silva things either he
asked and then I just appreciate that
Lewis house yes that was a really good
thing very polite
yeah
thanks man so we are about to go in this
magnificent hall here for the South by
Southwest main floor can't wait to see
what they have I want to see how it
stacks up against the XPrize which had
some amazing technology but you never
know where you're gonna find this is a
lot bigger so it'll be interesting to
see what they have let's go check it out
[Music]
the Samsung gear VR
here on the famous sixth Street we're on
our way to the Facebook party let's do
it
there's this group of entrepreneurs that
have had a really
significant level of success and they're
swirling around this idea of actually
going back and helping people of using
the tools that are happening socially
using the platforms that are coming up
out of these social networks and
actually using them to create content
that matters to create content that
empowers people and tonight as we were
talking pure tactics I was at my
happiest that was at I felt my most
productive I was my most excited because
I know that in the tactics in the weeds
in actually understanding how this stuff
works I'm actually gonna be able to make
a contribution I'm gonna be able to put
something in motion that will have a
real result and be able to hold myself
to the standard of results but if you're
[__] vague if you're dreaming and
emptily and you're not looking for ways
to actually
execute against that nothing will ever
happen so the only reason that a small
group of people can actually matter can
actually move things forward can
actually make change is because they
find the [__] path to execution and
that is why I've like South by Southwest
because I've met people that are busy in
the game of executing alright my friends
it is day two South by Southwest we are
here about to go meet some more amazing
people let's do it I am Ohio this is a
pleasure to meet you
hey Oscar how you doing capi accountant
Madison of course amazing wow thank you
man what's up man I do good yeah good
thank you it's nice to meet you for us
we really want to be that infrastructure
that allows these creators to have
financial opportunities that go beyond
just getting the deal yeah and giving
people a way to connect with their
communities so if they're building a
community on Wattpad and there are
followers on Wattpad that really like
what they're doing and are really
invested in that story like how do we
give them ways to merchandise
hey baby
hey that sizzle was amazing
yeah you guys crushed it all right this
very awesome trip has come to a close we
are headed off to the airport but I have
to say this is just ended up being
amazing coming across people that are
investing in the areas that I find out
are the fascinating people that I might
be able to help people that might be
able to help me having events like this
where people from all over the world
descend in one place to talk about
moving things forward to meet to make
connections to make what I hope will
become lasting relationships that's how
it gets done like really the amount of
things that you can get done is a part
of a group so dwarfed the amount of
things that you can get done by yourself
so get out there find the people whether
it's on Facebook social media Instagram
whatever doesn't matter they are out
there find them go to events meet them
we live in a time where connecting with
other people has never ever ever been
easier so take advantage my friends meet
those people tell them what you're up to
don't be afraid to throw it out into the
universe don't be afraid to tell people
what it is you're trying to accomplish
because if you do
you will be shocked how many people come
to your aid this is the official sign up
from South by Southwest this has been an
amazing trip I know I've said it a
thousand times but this is incredible
thank you guys for joining me and until
next time my friends be legendary peace
out
[Music]
you